Add info about new plugin class naming. (#7343)
cakephp/docs: en/appendices/4-4-migration-guide.rst

- ``SaveOptionsBuilder`` was deprecated. Use a normal array for options instead.

Plugins
=======

> - Plugin class names now match the plugin name with a "Plugin" suffix. So for
>   for e.g. for a plugin "ADmad/I18n" the plugin class would be ``ADmad\I18n\I18nPlugin``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Plugin class names now match the plugin name with a "Plugin" suffix. For example, the plugin class for "ADmad/I18n" would be ``ADmad\I18n\I18nPlugin``
```
